It's all my fault
I didn't watch it earlier.
If you put it down sooner
Then he won't die
yuanyuan
You've done enough.
No matter what people say tonight
Dear relatives and friends
Today is the wedding day of my engagement to Yaoyao
Thank you for taking your time.
Make time for our engagement party
Prepare some chives today
So please have a drink.
If there is any poor hospitality
Please also Haihan
What the hell?
Today is my son's first day
You laugh too
It was a joke.
My son married this man to something on stage
What a loss
If it weren't for Bai Jia patrolling half of the subway
They won't agree to lend us a high price at all
An engagement party.
Spent hundreds of millions
We don't lose money
The big deal is that we will not borrow it in the future
What you said
Let's give it a big hand.
The most sincere wishes.
Witness two newlyweds exchanging rings
Brother Kai, do you miss me?
Yuck!
Brother Kai, let's change positions and go home